I'm very honored to be named Kehoe a
citizen fear I'm just a guy who keeps
strip of civilization open when you
drive the same Road
day after day is easy to think about a
road not taken
I was lucky I picked a good road early
and I stayed on mister cocksman what can
I do for you it's about your son
died of a heroin overdose
we had no around Kyle wasn't my druggie
sorry but all the parents say that
you're gonna have to say a few words
Kyle's dip tell me what happened you got
mixed up with some drug dealer Mikey you
like certain people with this with all
these nicknames speedo
Viking Eskimo it's a gangster thing did
you have a nickname wait man wait man
gonna kill him
no guys one guy could disappear too who
wants me dead
three of Vikings drug dealers have
disappeared what makes you think you can
come at them better crime novel
what are you doing
[Music]
the job
this doesn't happen in kyo it just did
[Music]
Nell's cocksman citizen to the year good
for him
[Music]